[WIP][IMP] mailing: recurring support questions (#750)
odoo/documentation: email_marketing/overview/send_emails.rst

   Therefore, if at the end of the day you have remaining ones to be sent, note that they *will not*
   be sent automatically the next day. You need to force that by opening the email and
   clicking on *Retry*.

>    A solution can be to use an outgoing email servers, see :doc:`../../email_communication/advanced/email_servers`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   If you have to send a large volume of emails on a regular basis, a good solution would be using your own outgoing email servers, see :doc:`../../email_communication/advanced/email_servers`
```
